[EBA]
Good, we're all here.
This sucks.
Almost exam day and these jocks
are acting like
it doesn't matter.
You still can't get
in touch with Miku?
[RECORDING A]
The party you are...
It sounds like she might've
turned her phone off.
Just hold on a sec, she told
me where she was going.
Uh! Ichika!
If Yotsuba can't
back out of this,
then you can always
do it for her, right?
Just play pretend.
You're pros at it.
[ITSUKI gasps]
I dunno, it's a lot
more difficult for me.
Like, remember when I tried
to impersonate Ichika?
Sure I do.
Here's the plan. You'll switch
clothes with Miku, so-- Uh!
Crap! The track team's leaving!
We can't let Yotsuba make
it to the train station!
But how do we stop them?
[FUTARO]
Hmm...
Uh.
[NINO] I don't care.
I'm not going home.
All that sugar is
gonna make you sick.
I don't need your opinion.
Besides, how would you know?
You drink old lady tea.
You're too much of a child
to appreciate green tea.
Just finish your drink
and get lost.
By the way, how did you find me
after I switched to this hotel?
I was at the other one
on the day you left it.
I mean, you walked right
past me when you stormed out.
Why was Futaro there?
[gasps]
[NINO] If I had to describe
what happened in one word?
Terrible!
Believe me, I am never
going to forgive that jerk.
Whoa. What in the
world did he do?
He wore a disguise!
The nerve! He actually
pulled one over on me!
I see.
That's it?
Be more upset! I need
a bigger reaction here!
Sorry, but disguises are
kinda normal in our family.
[NINO]
Well, yeah, but...
That time... And that time...
It was always him!
How dare he? He's the worst.
So, is that all that happened?
[NINO]
Pretty much.
[gasps]
Yeah, that was all.
You sure?
He said that,
even outside of exams,
he wants us all
to stick together.
Futaro really told you that?
[NINO]
He did. Isn't that selfish?
Who cares what that jerk wants?
[MIKU] And you'd still
rather not come home?
Why the heck would I do that?
What's the point of
us sticking together
if we can't even
get along anymore?
'Cause we're family.
That's enough, right?
I know you think
that everyone else
has changed without you, Nino,
but if you ask me, you've
changed quite a bit, yourself.
Seriously? In what way?
[MIKU] You didn't drink
black tea before.
[NINO]
That's it?
It's like we're all
20% of a person,
judging by the
scores we've gotten.
Those worksheets.
Hey, don't just go
digging through my bag!
[MIKU]
You missed number three.
It should be the
Battle of Nagashino.
So?
What, are you trying to brag
about how hard
you've been studying?
I love Sengoku warlords.
And I've always loved them.
A bunch of old dead guys?
You really like that stuff?
[MIKU]
Mh-hm.
That's my 20% of it.
And...
Ugh, too sweet.
[NINO]
What's your problem?
[MIKU]
If it weren't for you,
I would never have
known how that tasted.
It's true that when the
five of us were alike,
we never argued
or got in trouble.
But if we hadn't changed,
we would've all stayed at 20%.
We should each laugh,
get angry, be sad,
experience life in our own way.
Make up for each
other's shortcomings
and become the people
we're meant to be.
It's good that we're different.
For example, you're
the one who can cook,
so we haven't been very
well-nourished recently.
It's been kind of a disaster.
You can figure something out--
it's not like you're babies!
I knew it. This
is way too bitter!
Black tea's definitely
the way to go.
Black tea starts
off bitter, too.
Well, yeah,
but in a classy way!
They clearly use higher-quality
leaves to make it, after all!
Green tea is fancier, so I bet
it comes from way nicer leaves!
Fine, I'll just look it up.
But don't be mad if they use
weeds to make green tea!
[MIKU]
Yeah, right!
Oh, they use the same
for both kinds.
Black tea is just fermented.
[BOTH laugh]
That's funny. I should
tell the other-- Uh.
[NINO sighs]
[NINO] Forget the past and
accept the present, right?
I need to brace myself
for the future.
[NINO] Miku. You should
brace yourself, too.
[ITSUKI] Um, sorry, but I'd like
to resign from the track team.
[FUTARO]
No! Sound stupider!
I give up!
I already told you, I'm not
any good at this stuff!
There you go!
Itsuki, that's classic Yotsuba!
And, I mean, you've got
the look down pat.
Are you sure this
is going to work out?
Someone help!
There's a groper here!
[ITSUKI gasps]
What?
[RUNNER C]
Is that him over there?
Don't worry.
I'll take care of it!
[TRACK TEAM]
Nakano!
Hey!
[ITSUKI]
Wow, does he have a death wish?
Okay, it looks like he's left
me with no other choice.
Heh. I guess he
got away. Too bad.
[EBA]
Huh?
Sorry, I can't make
training camp.
And I have to leave the team.
Why, though?
[ITSUKI]
Because exams are next week.
No, not that. That's not
what I was asking.
I want to know what you're doing
pretending to be Nakano.
[ITSUKI]
Huh?!
[YOTSUBA yells]
You guys! I caught the groper!
Hm? You smell like--!
[FUTARO]
Can't breathe.
Huh? Uesugi? What the heck?
Well, at least it worked.
Groping people is not okay.
[FUTARO]
No! I didn't grope anyone!
I was just trying
to lure you over! Ha!
Huh? What for?
I don't understand.
Itsuki's posing as you
and resigning from
the team in your place.
[gasps]
Wait. You can't go back now!
But I have to smooth
things over!
Look, it's too late. Uh.
Be quiet!
Something's not right.
Uh. I promise you, I'm Yotsuba!
I've got the green
ribbon and everything!
Yeah, you do look
a lot like her.
It's just... your hair
isn't the correct length.
[BOTH]
She's right!
I didn't expect that she
would look that closely!
Please stop trying to
get me to quit the team!
Focus on somebody
else for a while!
It's nice of you to worry about
me, but I'm doing this. Bye!
Yotsuba, come back!
[YOTSUBA]
Here I am, everyone!
Sorry. I didn't mean
to keep you waiting!
Oh! Hey!
[YOTSUBA chuckles]
That was just a prank, okay?
It's quintuplet humor!
[ITSUKI]
Yotsuba.
A prank? Well, I'm
glad that's all it was.
It wasn't very funny, though.
I mean, the part about
me wanting to quit
was totally real.
[BOTH grunt]
Wait. You are quitting? But why?
[YOTSUBA]
You know why.
You must be out of your mind
to schedule a training camp
for the weekend
right before finals.
Or maybe you're just stupid.
You're right.
What the hell was that?
It's finally happening.
I have an evil twin!
Please don't murder me!
Quints can have evil
twins? Oh, right!
[ICHIKA]
Whew.
I made it just in time.
[FUTARO]
Ichika!
I was afraid you
wouldn't make it.
That means Miku must
be the one who-- Uh.
Oh, not me.
I didn't do anything.
[FUTARO]
Huh...?
Miku!
[FUTARO]
Itsuki. Yotsuba. Ichika. Miku.
No way.
When I went over to
Nino's hotel room,
Miku was there holding
some scissors.
Not sure what happened,
but it's obvious that Nino
changed her mind.
And her hair!
I can't believe you
cut it so short!
Did you have your heart broken?
[NINO]
Yeah, you could say that.
Ooh! By who? Miku, spill!
Yeah, what?
[MIKU]
No clue.
I wasn't referring
to you, you got that?
Okay.
All right, then.
[NINO]
Bye forever, Kintaro.
Goodbye to the past, too.
[NINO]
Yotsuba.
I was just doing what I
was told to do, okay?
But I hope you're happy.
I'm sure if you'd been honest,
she would've listened,
and we could've
skipped all this.
You need to change some, too.
It may suck sometimes,
but it isn't always awful.
[gasps]
Yeah. I'll do it.
Want some backup?
Thanks, Ichika. But no.
I'll be fine by myself.
Um. I'm sorry--
Don't be. It's all right now.
None of what you
said then was wrong.
It was all my fault.
Sorry.
Nino.
[NINO] Well, you did
do one thing wrong.
When you went and
slapped me in the face,
you did it way too hard.
Nino! I missed you so much!
Oh, yeah, by the way,
I have an apology
gift to give you.
Two advance tickets
for that romance movie
you said you wanted to see.
Let's go together, okay?
Oh, come on.
Are you kidding me?
[NINO]
Nothing ever works out right.
[YOTSUBA] I sincerely
apologize for the trouble
that I caused all of you!
I had a long conversation
with the track team captain.
After I help them
out with the meet,
I'm gonna quit the
team permanently!
[FUTARO]
Huh?
Really, you're still hung up
on that? Just come inside.
[YOTSUBA]
'Kay!
As for the two runaways...
Welcome home.
[NINO, ITSUKI]
Thank you.
[MIKU] It looks like all five
of us have finally finished
with our problem sets.
It was tough, but I'm not
sure if we improved any.
[FUTARO]
It's fine. I have this.
[GIRLS]
Hm?
It's the ultimate cheat sheet!
[GIRLS gasp]
I didn't think you were
the kind of person
who would have one of those.
Yeah, what's the point of
us getting good grades
if we do it by cheating?
I couldn't agree more
with that statement!
If I get you in
shape in two days,
then that means you won't
have to resort to cheating!
So work hard!
You don't mind if I move forward
with this new strategy, do you?
Miss Nino, ma'am?
Really?
Why would you choose now
to start asking permission?
But thank you. I'm in, I guess.
Let's get to it.
The clock's ticking!
[OTHERS]
'Kay!
[FUTARO]
Whoa.
I got every question wrong!
So it turns out Mr. "Top
of the Class" is all talk.
Why do you care
about us so much?
You'll never be my
tutor again, got it?
You should've never
barged into our lives!
[ALL laughing]
Huh?
Hey, Futaro. Aren't you happy?
[FUTARO]
Not yet. We're just starting.
Today's the big day, huh?
I'm really nervous!
We did everything we could
do. Right, Uesugi?
Hey, wait. Where did he go?
He said he needed
to give Raiha a call.
Now of all times?
Yeah, it must be about
something super important.
He even had to ask if he
could borrow my phone.
Apparently, his was
out of battery.
Do your best, you guys.
Ichika. Nino. Miku.
Yotsuba. Itsuki.
If the five of you are
together, you can't lose.
[ITSUKI]
This is terrible.
[ICHIKA] How'd we score
so low after all that work?
[MIKU] Guess this means we
really are a bunch of idiots.
Nino. Don't be sad!
Why don't you worry
about yourself, Yotsuba?
[ICHIKA]
Today's a tutoring day, too.
He'll probably wanna go
over the exam answers.
[doorbell rings]
[ALL]
Huh?
[ICHIKA]
Must be him.
Futaro's about to give
us a long lecture.
Bet so!
Why do you sound so happy?
[YOTSUBA giggles]
I do wish that we
had done better,
but I'm still really
excited to work hard
with all of you guys again.
[ITSUKI]
That's weird.
Um. Actually, it's not
Uesugi at the door.
Hello there, ladies.
Oh, it's Mr. Ebata!
We thought you'd be
driving Dad around today.
It would seem that I'm
going to be working
as your tutor, temporarily.
[ITSUKI]
What? That's random.
I dunno. He was a
teacher once, wasn't he?
I smell a rat.
[MIKU]
I wonder if Futaro's sick.
[EBATA clears throat]
Unfortunately, Mr. Futaro
Uesugi has resigned
from the tutoring position.
[ALL gasp]
I received the word from
your father himself.
Apparently, the young man
terminated his contract
effective the day you
took your final exams.
Does this mean... that we
won't see Futaro anymore?
No way.
This is because of our scores.
Dad forced him to--
[EBATA]
I don't believe that's the case.
I was informed that
Mr. Uesugi stepped down
from his responsibilities
of his own accord.
He wanted to quit?
Why would he do that?
There must be some mistake.
I'll call him over here
and talk to him myself.
[EBATA] I'm sorry, but I'm
afraid that won't be possible.
Mr. Uesugi has been forbidden
from ever entering
this home again.
Those were your father's
express orders.
Why'd he say that?
[MIKU]
Fine. I'll go to him.
Ebata. Please move.
No, miss.
It may be temporary,
but I am your tutor for now.
Therefore, I cannot dismiss
you from today's lesson
until I've taught you
a meaningful amount.
So we can leave after
we're done with this?
Why, yes. Once you finish,
you're free to go.
These problems, they're
not very difficult.
Kind of makes me wonder if Ebata
might be going easy on us.
Me, too.
Then again, I don't think that
we could've handled
these before.
It's almost freaky how
painless it is now.
I hate to say it, but we
owe all of this to him.
Just one more.
One more question to go.
I'm down to the last
problem, as well.
[EBATA chuckles]
[EBATA]
If you girls don't finish soon,
I suppose that I'll have to
give you an extra lesson.
[GIRLS gasp]
Hang on.
[OTHERS gasp]
We can always just
cheat. Should we?
Huh?
You mean the answer sheet.
Yeah. In each of
our pencil cases.
But, is that okay?
We're desperate. So the end
will justify the means.
[YOTSUBA]
You look just like Uesugi!
[NINO]
You sure have changed.
Guess I'll take a look, then.
[gasps]
[ICHIKA] It says,
"Don't try to take shortcuts
to the answer, fools."
Ha. Wow.
So he never intended to let us
cheat in the first place, huh?
Of course. That sounds
just like him.
[ITSUKI]
But what do we do now?
Wait. There's more here.
A two?
Does he mean me?
[NINO] Mine says, "I'm not
going to teach cheaters."
"You have to get there
yourselves from now on."
My paper says,
"I'm glad I'm finally done
with this hell job."
[gasps]
[ICHIKA]
Itsuki?
[ITSUKI] "But it was a
pretty fun hell. Later."
[YOTSUBA]
This sucks.
I want Uesugi to keep
on being my teacher.
[MIKU]
So do I.
I need Futaro here. Badly.
You heard Ebata.
He can't come see us
anymore. It's over.
Okay. Listen. I think
I may have an idea.
Ah. Is there something
the matter?
We need a favor, sir.
Will you help?
[gasps]
[EBATA]
You've all grown up so much.
[FUTARO]
Merry Christmas!
Come in and try our desserts!
[ITSUKI]
Excuse me.
Yes! Uh.
You guys!
Is your store able
to do home delivery?
We would like some cake
brought to our house.
What? We don't have
delivery service here.
Uesugi, I can
finish things up.
You go on home, okay?
No! It's fine! I can work!
[SHOP MANAGER]
I said you're done!
[FUTARO]
Uh.
Just go. It's Christmas Eve.
Huh...?
Wait.
This isn't the way to your
father's house, is it?
It sure isn't!
Just come along.
Look, girls. Sorry I didn't
tell you when I quit.
But the fact is, I can't
be your tutor anymore.
[ITSUKI]
Check this out.
It's a copy of our
new tutor's resume.
[ITSUKI] We wanted you
to see who replaced you.
[sighs] Well, this is good.
Your dad didn't waste
any time at all.
He's a former teacher,
went to a college in Tokyo.
Wow. This guy seems like
he's totally qualified.
Is that it?
So you're just going
to abandon us
to become someone else's
problem from here on out?
[FUTARO] Look, I had a second
chance and I fumbled it again.
Who knows if next time'll
be any different?
This is a job for
a professional.
It'd be selfish to put you
through more of the same crap.
It would.
But when have you not
been a selfish person?
Never cutting us any slack,
forcing us to memorize
so many formulas
that it felt like our
brains would explode!
But then, when we did
get a problem right,
it made us so happy.
[FUTARO gasps]
Your selfishness is the
thing that got us this far!
So you don't get to
be considerate now!
In fact, it's really creepy
coming from you!
Sorry. But it's too
late now. I quit.
I'm not even allowed inside
your father's house anymore.
Is that the problem?
Yeah. Can we just go?
We're already here.
Thanks for the cake
delivery, mister.
What? I don't--
See this place?
Welcome to our new
home-sweet-home!
Huh? You live here now?
It's nice, right?
I've been making good
money, so we rented it.
The five of us are gonna
stay here from now on.
So that takes care
of that problem.
You're kidding. You gave
up your place for that?
You said it yourself.
What's most important is that
we're all together, right?
So who cares where we live?
Aren't those your keys?
[RENA]
Bye for good.
[FUTARO] Crap, my life's
flashing before my eyes.
[RENA]
It's been a while.
[FUTARO] Or at least,
the last few things.
[FUTARO]
If I was drowning...
[gasps]
Idiots!
What was the point of all five
of us jumping in here like this?
You can't just give up
after only two tries!
It'll work out.
'Cause as long as we have you,
I know we can do it this time!
[gasps]
[RENA] Don't open that until you
learn how to accept yourself.
[YOTSUBA]
Nino! What's wrong?
[NINO]
I'm too cold to move!
I'll lift you. Hang on.
[NINO gasps]
You're all nuts.
Seriously, you need to learn
how to think before you act.
I can't stand by and let
your stupidity kill you,
and I'm getting really sick
of being considerate,
that's for damn sure.
That's why I'm going to do
whatever I want now, too.
So get used to my selfishness,
'cause I'm not goin' anywhere.
[heart beating]
[NINO]
No. It's not what I think it is.
[ICHIKA] Well, now that we're
in agreement, let's head inside.
Ah! I hope the cake's okay!
Calm down.
[FUTARO]
Goodbye, Rena.
Futaro, hurry up.
Yeah, or else we'll
eat without you!
Sure.
But if I'm there, you'll each
get less than 20% of it.
[GIRLS]
Huh?
[ALL laughing]
[YOTSUBA]
"Good Work Today."